hey there everyone mr. lucre matter
Europe just kind of a quick update on
the server I'm in the process of moving
between houses right now so obviously
the server has to come with me I had
some problems moving it over the reason
I'm making this is just prior to me
moving we actually moved the tekkit
server over to my gaming computer on its
asus board with an overclocked 4.5
gigahertz chip ivory bridge and so we
decided to put the server on there and
the reason we're placing nukes all over
the place is because we're actually
having trouble crashing it so as you see
this guy thought it'd be funny to make a
swastika so he actually gets kicked from
the server here so that's neat um and we
actually called out the turtles and drag
it the turtles to place enough nukes
here to crash the server and you'll see
more and more Turtles but yeah I want to
show you guys that it actually after all
was said and done here we actually lit
it all off it actually took 12 minutes
for the server to crash I'm a handles
large amounts fairly well so here's
here's a setting it off you're gonna see
I actually stopped recording for a brief
moment cuz my frame rate went down to
like one so I waited for like a you know
a certain piece of cloth will actually
listen to the audio thanks for watching
oh that was impressive is very great
yeah oh wow yeah my friend might just
jumped i'm at 30th but it's stopped
blowing ah master still uh but i'm like
right in the middle of the exclusion not
like i'll be back in a bit alright see
it I oh my god him at 90 FPS oh what the
heck oh there went there it goes yeah
I'm back Dirk Marino we need us there
I'm back oh no that's my normal
oh wait for the turtles gotta wear them
to run into all there's still a lot of
TNT over here they're still exploding
yeah it was has a bunch of it my pasty
this is gonna take about 20 minutes to
go off i think hey yeah i'm a FPS are
running it well 30 right now I'm not 45
I'm at 152 yay ff3 I'm way today as i'm
recording right now uh 1 180 wait what
Taji check your FPS loud one yeah I'm Oh
66 FPS 67 68 oh hey look some nukes are
still going up I get it oh my god I see
the hole I see the whole a nice angeles
do you know that is the best hold I've
seen in my life dis disabled night I uh
I sent the request in like 20 times for
it to be daytime process that hey it
doesn't even know just disable tonight
what do you mean disable the night well
instead of you just blow up I don't you
come over to me there's a village over
here Rick left click on the nighttime
ones that'll always be day Oh